Team: Add Najam (#1346)
zaproxy/zaproxy-website: site/content/docs/team/najam.md

---

> handle: najam

Reviewer: ```suggestion
handle: njmulsqb
```
Please update the handle

name: "Najam Ul Saqib"
roles: Extended Team
author: najam
type: team
github: njmulsqb
linkedin: njmulsqb
weight: 12
---

Najam (also known as: CyberSoldier) is a software developer and security engineer. 
He is a big advocate of open source software and likes to contribute to several open source projects 
to keep quality software available for free. 
He has contributed code towards the core zaproxy and zap-extensions codebase.

Blog: https://njmulsqb.github.io

#### Talks & Videos

Najam runs a [YouTube channel](https://youtube.com/channel/UC1igugJ0bSePPDqIWOje2ZA) in which he presents walkthroughs for vulnerable machines in his mother language i.e Urdu. 

#### Other Work

1. Works full time as an Application Security Engineer

> 1. Hunts for security issues in free time, have found issues in different companies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Hunts for security issues in free time, have found security bugs in different companies.
```
Minor tweaks
